---
template: DefaultPage
slug: privacy
title: Privacy
featuredImage: 'https://ucarecdn.com/dd3270c7-70ce-4b29-8d68-92392b373923/'
---
**Notice to Website Viewers:**

This website is provided for information and education purposes only. No dentist/patient relationship is established by your use of this site. No diagnosis or treatment is being provided. The information contained here should be used in consultation with a dentist of your choice. No guarantees or warranties are made regarding any of the information contained within this web site. This web site is not intended to offer specific medical, dental or surgical advice to anyone. Further, this web site and Passion Family Dental North Lakes take no responsibility for web sites hyper-linked to this site and such hyperlinking does not imply any relationships or endorsements of the linked sites.

Privacy Policy for www.passionfamilydental.com.au

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us. At Passion Family Dental North Lakes, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information that is received and collected by www.passionfamilydental.com.au and how it is used.

**Personal Information**

By entering your full name, email address, and phone number, you are providing personal information that will be used by Passion Family Dental North Lakes for the sole purpose of returning your request to be contacted by us. We will only use this information to contact you in order to assist you in scheduling an appointment to be seen by Dr Ooi, and/or to answer any questions you may have indicated in the comments section. Our intention is to only use your personal information to return your request for contact regarding a dental appointment, and/or a dental related question.

**Opt-Out Option**

Please contact us if you wish to opt-out/unsubscribe from receiving any future communication.

**Log Files**

Like many other Web sites, www.passionfamilydental.com.au makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.

**Accessibility**

We strive to make the Passion Family Dental North Lakes website universally accessible and we are continuously working to improve the accessibility of content on our website.
